Please, you don't have to do this.
Even if you kill me, I've already changed the will,
giving all my possessions to charity.
However, I'm willing to make you an offer.
In exchange for the tourist group,
I only request the truth.
Tell me, how did my parents really die?
The truth is your parents died in a car accident.
Did you tamper with the car?
Why did the authorities rule their death as an accident?
I merely removed a few tiny screws,
which may have caused their vehicle to lose control.
I like what just happened to you and Jackson.
Isn't that right?
You monster!
You know what?
Now that the cat's out of the bag,
let's just move this along.
It's time for you to die.
You spent your whole life leeching off my parents,
and now I'm giving you the opportunity to have it all.
Are you really willing to get that up?
Think about me a lot.
Are you enjoying your parents in hell?
I'm here.
Oh, thank God you're here.
God, I'm so sorry. I wasn't able to protect you.
Oh, my God, Charlotte, are you okay?
Oh, my God, there was this man next to me.
Where am I? I want to go home.
God, is this her punishment for all the lies I've told?
She suffers from a severe head injury,
caused by a traumatic blow to her head.
This results in an impaired memory,
and an inability to recall key life events that have occurred
during her adulthood.
Luckily, her cognitive areas are functioning normally,
and so should not affect her daily life.
Thank you, doctor.
I can't believe you're 30.
You look just how you did in high school.
Really?
You're 25, and you're still allergic to roses.
Did I inherit the torsker?
You did, and you're doing a killer job running it.
Who is this man?
Am I here?
How did I inherit the torsker?
Please tell me everything.
I don't know everything that just happened right now,
but I guess if we start from the top,
you suffered from a severe accident recently,
and the doctor told me that you're doing okay,
so I should be able to recover pretty swiftly.
Charlotte, you still need more rest.
Move aside, I figured everything out.
I need to move my mother's valuables out of the Torah's house
as soon as possible.
You're supposed to be in the hospital resting.
The valuables are to the right.
What's going on here, Charlotte?
Charlotte, this is your home.
Uncle, ever since you and your family moved in,
I no longer had a home.
I wish I hadn't raised you. You are an ungrateful bitch.
You okay?
I just didn't expect to feel as sad.
Charlotte, you're back.
I think we need to talk.
Are you hungry, thirsty?
I can order something.
No, Jackson, I need to tell you something.
I'm gonna file for a divorce.
I got what I needed.
My aunt, uncle, no longer threatened me,
and we don't need to put this act up anymore.
I need you to move out as soon as you can.
Move out?
I'm your husband.
I know you don't remember me.
You're like this.
It feels so sad, but why?
Did you want to say something?
I made a promise here.
She got into your parents.
I just wanted to know how much I would cherish and care for you.
And provide you with a loving home.
Charlotte, I love you.
Charlotte!
Charlotte, is this all?
You know, you were a lot nicer before ever gaining memory back.
Yeah, and you know, I almost became that guy from 51st States movie.
I promise I'll take care of myself.
What exactly did you want to show me?
Proof of my love for you, from all these years.
Where did you get this photo?
Yeah.
I got it out for my high school year book.
LaTaurus, will you do the honor and marry me again?
Jackson, do you take Charlotte to be your lawfully wedded wife?
For richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health?
I do.
Charlotte, do you take Jackson to be your lawfully wedded husband?
For richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health?
I do.